

<html> <head> <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"
href="campstyle.css" /> <title>San Francisco Bay Queer Contra Dance
Camp, Aptos, CA, April 13-15, 2018</title> </head> <body>

<div class="foreground">

<div class="content-header"> <p> <p align="center"> <!-- <img
src="campbanner2018.jpg" alt="Queer Contra Dance Camp, April 13-15,
2018, Aptos, California"> --></div> </p> <br> <!--<div class="title"> <a
href="registration2018.html"><img src="registernow.gif" alt="register
now"></a> </div> -->

<div class="content-text"> <!--<a href="schedule2018.pdf">  <a
href="-->Registration Coming Soon! </div>

<div class="menubar"> <hr> <a href="#about"><img src="about.gif"
alt="about"></a> <a href="#talent"><img src="talent.gif"
alt="talent"></a> <a href="#venue"><img src="venue.gif" alt="venue"></a>
<a href="#housing"><img src="housing.gif" alt="housing"></a> <a
href="#schedule"><img src="schedule.gif" alt="schedule"></a> <a
href="#transportation"><img src="transportation.gif"
alt="transportation"></a> <a href="#registration"><img
src="registration.gif" alt="registration"></a> <hr> </div>

<br>

<p> <p align="center"> <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t71Ui3ygyYY"> Giant Robot Dance
(containing Giant Robot Nano) with Will Mentor calling!</a></p> </p>

<div class="content-text"> <a name="about"><img src="about-title.gif"
alt="about"></a> <p> The <a href="http://www.queercontra.org">San
Francisco Bay Queer Contra Dance</a> is hosting its <b>tenth</b> annual
dance camp within the lush <b>redwood forest</b> of <a
href="http://uccr.org/camp/monte-toyon">Monte Toyon</a>, a beautiful
camp facility near Santa Cruz, 79 miles south of San Francisco, where
you'll be housed and fed and offered a weekend of
<b>gender-role-free</b> dancing. <b>Beginners are welcome.</b> Contra is
an exuberant, friendly, easy-to-learn American barn dance with roots in
English folk dance. While many of our dancers are LGBT, we cheerfully
welcome folks of any and all persuasions! Take a weekend away to dance,
relax, make friends, and enjoy the lovely California redwoods. </p>
</div>

<br>

<!-- <p align="center"><p> <div class="moviewrapper"> <img
src="nymphs.gif" /> </div> </p> -->

<br> <div class="content-text"> <a name="talent"><img src="talent.gif"
alt="talent"></a> <p> Music: <b>"Giant Robot Nano": Aaron Marcus (piano,
banjo, concertina), Andrew Marcus (accordion, doumbek), & Andrew Van
Nostrand (guitar, fiddle)</b> <br>And: <br><b>"Free Raisins": Audrey
Knuth (fiddle), Jeff Kaufman (mandolin, trumpet, feet, & Amy Englesberg
(piano, accordion)</b> <br>Contra Dance Callers: <b>Will Mentor</b> and
<b>Lindsey Dono</b> <br>Sound: <b>Nick Cuccia</b>

<p> <img class="image-left" src="andrewvann.jpg" alt="Andrew Van
Nostrand" height="185px" style="margin: 0px 20px" /></p>
<p><img class="image-right" src="andrewmarcus.jpg" alt="Andrew Marcus" height="185px" style="margin: 0px 20px" />
</p>
<p><img class="image-center" src="aaronmarcus.jpg" alt="Aaron Marcus" height="185px" 
style="margin: 0px 30px" /></p>
<b>Giant
Robot Nano</b></a> is the compact and mighty force of three musicians from the Northeast's Giant Robot Dance. 
Aaron and Andrew Marcus and Andrew Van
Norstrand have woven connection through several other musical
connections, including family bands, and multiple genres. Giant Robot
Nano delivers big sound in a streamlined mix of low-tech and
high-tech wonders!</p>

<p> <img class="image-right" src="freeraisins.jpg" alt="Free Raisins"
height="195px" style="margin: 0px 20px" /><a
href="http://http://www.freeraisins.com/"><b>Free Raisins</b></a> An
energetic dance band from Boston, the Free Raisins fuse New England
roots with a modern groove. They promise a versatile mix of supremely
danceable tunes. Come out and get your two scoops worth!</p> <p> <img
class="image-left" src="lindseydono.jpg" alt="Lindsey Dono"
height="185px" style="margin: 0px 20px" /><a
href="https://lindseydono.com/"><b>Lindsey Dono</b></a> hails from the
Northwest, and delights in traveling to share her love of dance with an
ever-expanding network of “contra family.” Known for serene and sunny
instruction, Lindsey transforms newcomers into avid regulars while
keeping veterans piqued with sophisticated programming. A dancer for
more than twenty years, Lindsey incorporates her knowledge of waltz,
lindy hop, blues, jazz, and ballet to lead a variety of workshops. At
last count, Lindsey had more than fifty swing variations in her
repertoire! <br> Off the dance floor, Lindsey can be found practicing
archery, hiking, gardening, and excitedly chattering about science.</p>
<p> <img class="image-right" src="willmentor.jpg" alt="Will Mentor"
height="185px" style="margin: 0px 20px" /><a
href="http://www.contrasyncretist.com/blog/curiosity-contra-and-
conversing-with-caller-will-mentor-part-1"> <b>Will Mentor</b></a> is a
contra and square dance caller from Northern Vermont known for his clear
teaching, upbeat wit, and relaxed stage presence. He loves to
choreograph evenings with a variety of dances and tempos that at times
surprise and always delight, all the while keeping intact his guiding
principle as a caller: "It's about the dancers!"</p>

<p> <div class="clear"></div></p> <br>

<div class="content-text-bad"> <a name="venue"><img src="venue.gif"
alt="venue"></a> <p> <img class="image-left" src="venue_12.jpg"
height="260px" style="margin: 0px 20px 30px 0px" /> <b>Monte Toyon</b>:
Nestled in a grove of coastal redwoods, <a
href="http://uccr.org/camp/monte-toyon">Monte Toyon</a> camp is adjacent
to the Forest of Nisene Marks State Park in Aptos, California.
Accommodations include shared rooms in Cary Lodge and Miller and Morris
Dormitories, ranging 4-10 people a room. (If you have a lodging
preference, including co-ed or same-sex options, please arrive when camp
opens at 6:00 p.m. on Friday; rooms are not pre-assigned.) Meals are
served buffet-style with vegetarian and vegan options. (Refrigerator
space is available for those on special diets.) Monte Toyon also offers
hiking trails and a beautiful rhododendron garden. </p>

</div>

<div class="content-text-bad"> <a name="housing"><img src="housing.gif"
alt="housing"></a> <p> <img class="image-right" src="housing_12.jpg"
height="220px" style="margin: 20px 0px 20px 20px" />

<b>Bedding</b>: Campers bring their own sleeping bags or sheets,
blankets, and pillows. Local dancers can help those coming by plane:
please provide bedding to help lighten a traveler's load and save on
baggage expenses. If you can provide/would like bedding, please check
the box on the registration form. </p> <p> <b>Non-gendered Housing</b>:
This year Cary Lodge and Morris Hall will again have no gender
designation--neither will bathrooms in the dancing and dining hall
areas. If you require a bed in a gendered room, please indicate so on
the registration form and space will be reserved for you. </p> </div>

<div class="clear"></div>

<div class="content-text-bad"> <a name="schedule"><img
src="schedule.gif" alt="schedule"></a> <p> <img class="image-left"
src="schedule_12.jpg" height="200px" style="margin: 0px 20px 20px 0px"
/> Dance camp opens at 6:00 p.m. on Friday, April 13. Dancing begins
Friday night at 8:00 and runs through 3:00 p.m. on Sunday. Expect a
weekend full of contra dance (accessible to all levels), to include
special sessions for beginning and advanced dancers. </p>

</div>

<div class="clear"></div>

<div class="content-text-bad"> <a name="transportation"><img
src="transportation.gif" alt="transportation"></a> <p> <img
class="image-right" src="transportation_12.jpg" height="200px"
style="margin: 0px 0px 20px 20px" /> If you can offer a ride or need a
ride to/from camp, please let us know on the registration form. We will
help match riders with drivers. Flying? Consider San Francisco, Oakland,
or San Jose airports. There is shuttle service from S.J. Airport to
downtown Aptos; campers can then take taxis to Monte Toyon or call
organizers for rides. </p> </div>

<div class="clear"></div>

<div class="content-text-bad"> <a name="registration"><img
src="registration.gif" alt="registration"></a> <p> <img
class="image-left" src="registration_12.jpg" height="260px"
style="margin: 0px 20px 30px 0px" /> <!--A minimum $195 deposit is
required. Work exchange positions are limited, and based on demonstrated
financial need and available funds. All work exchange applicants will
need to submit their need in writing. Everyone doing work exchange must
help with either pre-camp setup or post-camp cleanup, along with some
work shifts during the weekend.</p> <p>A small number of first-come,
first-served $95 scholarships are available for people who would
otherwise have difficulty affording dance camp. Scholarship applicants
also will need to submit their need in writing, and must sign up for
work exchange. --><!-- <a href="regform2018.pdf">Download the
registration form</a></b> to register by mail. OR: <br> --> Online
registration available soon! <b> <!--<a
href="registration2018.html">Register online now!</a></b> </p> --> <!--
Online and mail registration is now CLOSED. If you would like to attend
camp and are not yet registered, please come to camp and register
on-site. --></div>

<div class="clear"></div>

<div class="content-text-bad"> <a name="scholarship_fund"><img
src="scholarshipfund.gif" alt="scholarship fund"></a> <p> <img
class="image-right" src="scholarship_12.jpg" height="260px"
style="margin: 0px 0px 20px 20px" /> You can help your fellow campers by
donating to the scholarship fund: please include a separate check to
SFBQCD with your mail registration or click the "Donate" button below to
make a contribution online with a credit card or PayPal account.  We are
a nonprofit organization with 501(c)(3) status, so your donation is
tax-deductible. Many thanks! <center><form
action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post"> <input
type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick"> <input type="hidden"
name="hosted_button_id" value="FPZST3YY7FLZE"> <input type="image"
src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif"
border="0" name="submit" alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay
online!"> <img alt="" border="0"
src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif" width="1"
height="1"> </form></center> </p> </p>

<br> <br> <br> <br> The San Francisco Bay Queer Contra Dance & Dance
Camp is an affiliate of <a href="http://www.lcfd.org">Lavender Country
and Folk Dancers</a> (LCFD) and <a href="http://www.cdss.org/">Country
Dance and Song Society</a> (CDSS)</p> <br>

</div>

<div class="clear"></div>

<div class="footer"> <hr> <p>Last updated on 8/19/2017.  Contact us via
queercontra at gmail dot com.

<!-- Site Meter --> <script type="text/javascript"
src="http://s29.sitemeter.com/js/counter.js?site=s29queercamp">
</script> <noscript> <a
href="http://s29.sitemeter.com/stats.asp?site=s29queercamp"
target="_top"> <img
src="http://s29.sitemeter.com/meter.asp?site=s29queercamp" alt="Site
Meter" border="0"/></a> </noscript> <!-- Copyright (c)2009 Site Meter
--> </div>

</div> </body> </html>



